[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna watch a reenactment of what
went on backstage every night at Showbiz
Pizza with the 2018 film the banana
splits movie let's get to it we open on
the opening sequence of the banana
splits show a popular program centered
around a group of anthropomorphic
animals it's all about music fun and
detailing their reckless exploits this
transitions into a dark hole where Beth
is resting after a long evening of Mommy
blogging she's disturbed by Harley
excited about celebrating his birthday
the next day she puts him to bed before
busting her older son Austin for
breaking curfew the next morning we find
Harley's birthday surprise will be
tickets to attend a live taping of the
banana splits
something stepdad Mitch's just thrilled
about they enjoy some cake and wildly
age-inappropriate gifting before
revealing the surprise they pick up Zoe
on the way a last-minute stand-in for
Duncan Hartley's only friend who called
in sick brutal at the check-in line
Harley almost gets hit by the wack pack
but he's confident snore he would never
harm him yeah but he doesn't know that
since this is a closed set cellphones
are collected and Austin takes the
opportunity to plant a seed with the
show's Paige Paige backstage we get some
additional plot details discovering that
the mascots are actually super advanced
otamatone x' under the care of a greasy
madman we also find that the show's
executive producer was just promoted to
VP his first act will be to cancel the
long-running profitable show because it
doesn't match his vision that sounds
accurate we see that Droopys update
causes him to go red with the prime
directive that the show must go on and
it does as on stage the audience has
served all of their deepest desires pain
sacrifice perseverance and ultimately
conformity as the show ends in its
normal way with only the illusion of
chance and opportunity the audience
departs while a few lucky members get to
stay behind for a backstage meet injury
Mitch takes this opportunity to handle
some business with work accomplished a
solely through texting which is fishing
in the greenroom Stevie who previously
overheard about the impending
cancellation gives a cynical toast
this causes droopy to go red enabling
his update which then prompts him to
invite Stevie to lick it like a lollipop
since he's a robot he doesn't get the
reference nor have a sufficient grasp of
human anatomy to make it work properly
meanwhile our winners are getting their
photo ops stage dad Jonathan is looking
for a chance to introduce his daughter
to a producer when Paige explains that
she's unable to
help him with that he runs off on his
own causing her to follow in the rest of
the group to break up while the kids
awkwardly stare at the splits outside
Beth catches up with Mitch and discovers
his work texting is of the sexy variety
and he officially frees up his evening
before storming off to make sensual
arrangements inside Harley and Zoey's
snoop around in the prop room before
going on a quest to find store he
meanwhile Jonathan presents Parker who
quickly demonstrates her middling
talents Rebecca explains the show's been
canceled so they quickly pivot toward a
new opportunity while this is going on
that no a fad will do fad and pop yard
[ __ ] around on some old sets they get
their live stream going again the fad
streams his marriage proposal to their
audience they're then congratulated by
Fleagle who enforces these strict no
phones policy before volunteering fad
for a brutal magic trick that poppy just
sort of watches it takes a bit of effort
but the payoff is worth it I think Bravo
he's then distracted by the sounds of
children and agrees to take them to
snorky outside mitch has caught in some
headlights and chooses to run straight
down the channel in a gimpy manner he
eventually makes it to the security
booth only to find the premises insecure
and is struck in the process jonathan
barges into the green room looking for
Andy the VP but gets lit up like a match
instead while droopy hip thrusts in his
face back on set the adult survivors
meet up and just to make sure they're on
the same page Jonathan pops in causing
them to wonder about the fate of the
children we find that Fleagle has led
them to the workshop where the animals
appear to be keeping their child
collection while in the process of
looking for the kids Beth and Austin
manage is severely injured bingo
they then convinced poppy that her
fiancee is not coming back and she'd be
safer with them Karl acknowledges that
he's losing control but his affection
toward his creations is too strong to
allow him to act against them however in
his despair at the condition of his
precious bingo he drops his keys
allowing the kids to trade places with
him Paige has discovered that outside
communication is impossible while
Rebecca and John are put through their
paces Rebecca thinks she's come out on
top but there are no winners in this
game meanwhile the kids finally find
snorky and are led off the survivors
come together and confront Karl in the
workshop but his maniacal laugh confirms
he's properly lost it upon hearing music
in the distance they descend toward the
source of the sound
poppy lags behind his choosing instead
to join Karl in crazy time population 1
they find the kids locked up at the
never-ending show which they seem to be
mostly enjoying
except for when Stevie comes on because
no one likes Stevie as they work to free
the kids and improved wheel of endings
is revealed free of the confines of the
original show formula
utilize a wheel with real options
demonstrated when it lands on banana
split something none of them has ever
experienced before and it turns out it's
more of a quartering than a split while
this is going on Harley uses his keys to
free the children while Beth hangs back
to lay a distraction and manages to take
out fleagle and drooper with some help
snorky then helps them with bingo for
some reason in the two robots rip each
other to shreds they then received
medical treatment in the parking lot
when emergency personnel show up and
they conclude their respective character
arcs Wiener boy turns out not to be so
strange after all Austin proves himself
sufficiently virtuous to get a date Beth
stops playing it safe and demands a
divorce and Mitch gets smeared across
the asphalt as poppy rides into the
night completely ignorant of how much
work in maintenance her new robot army
will require and that was five nights
with the banana splits show the movie if
you enjoyed the video I'd love for you
become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching